Add labels+redis queue workflow summary (#97)
packit/ai-workflows: beeai/README.md

- **Rebase Agent**: Updates packages to newer upstream versions
- **Backport Agent**: Applies specific fixes/patches to packages

### Entry Criteria

Issues enter the system automatically via the Jira Issue Fetcher when they meet these criteria:
- Belongs to the `Jotnar_1000_packages` filter

> - Status is "New"

Author: I want to make the name of the filter customable (I will explain it here)

- No `jotnar_*` labels other than `jotnar_retry_needed`

### Queue Transitions and Label Management

The system uses Redis queues to route issues between agents and applies JIRA labels to track progress:

**From Triage Agent:**
- **REBASE decision** → `rebase_queue` + applies `jotnar_in_progress` label

> - **BACKPORT decision** → `backport_queue` + applies `jotnar_in_progress` label

Reviewer: I'm still not totally sure if we need this, considering there will be the state change, or maybe at least change it to `jotnar_backport_in_progress` and `jotnar_rebase_in_progress`.

- **Failure** → `error_list` + applies `jotnar_errored` label
- **Retry** → remains in `rebase_queue` (keeps `jotnar_in_progress` label)

**From Backport Agent:**
- **Success** → `completed_backport_list` + applies `jotnar_backported` label
- **Failure** → `error_list` + applies `jotnar_errored` label
- **Retry** → remains in `backport_queue` (keeps `jotnar_in_progress` label)

### Re-triggering Mechanism

Issues can be re-triggered through the workflow in two ways:
1. **Remove any existing `jotnar_*` label** - allows the issue to re-enter the system on the next fetcher run
2. **Add the `jotnar_retry_needed` label** - intended for package maintainers who have made changes (e.g., updated issue description) and want to retrigger the workflow

### Maintainer Review Process

The Jotnar team can require maintainer review by applying the `jotnar_needs_maintainer_review` label to an issue. This is especially important for FuSa (Functional Safety) project packages.

The `jotnar_fusa` label will be automatically added by the triage agent to JIRA issues involving FuSa packages, and related merge requests will need to be reviewed and handled by subject matter experts.

> ### Workflow Diagram

Reviewer: do you think we could add this directly to the `Queue Transitions and Label Management` section, as it captures that mostly?

Reviewer: I am also thinking if we should omit some of the details, so that this doesn't get outdated very easily, wdyt?

Author: > do you think we could add this directly to the `Queue Transitions and Label Management` section, as it captures that mostly?

yes, that is what I wanted 😅 good catch!

```mermaid
graph TD
    %% Entry Point
    JIRA[("JIRA Issues<br/>Jotnar_1000_packages<br/>Status: New<br/>No jotnar_* labels<br/>(except jotnar_retry_needed)")]

>     FETCHER["Jira Issue Fetcher<br/>(Cronjob every 30 minutes)"]

Author: Since we react to maintainers labels, I think having the script running every 30 minutes makes sense. I think it is not harmful and we could have a somehow timely reaction.

    
    %% Backport Agent Processing
    BACKPORT_Q -->|"Process backport"| BACKPORT_AGENT
    BACKPORT_AGENT -->|"Success: Create MR<br/>Apply: jotnar_backported"| COMPLETED_BACKPORT_L
    BACKPORT_AGENT -->|"Failure: Retry or Error<br/>Apply: jotnar_errored"| ERROR_L
    BACKPORT_AGENT -->|"Retry (< max attempts)<br/>Keep: jotnar_in_progress"| BACKPORT_Q
    
    %% Re-triggering Mechanisms
    RETRIGGER1[("Manual Re-trigger #1<br/>Remove any jotnar_* label")]
    RETRIGGER2[("Manual Re-trigger #2<br/>Add jotnar_retry_needed label<br/>(for maintainers who made changes)")]
    RETRIGGER1 -.->|"Issue re-enters system"| TRIAGE_Q
    RETRIGGER2 -.->|"Issue re-enters system"| TRIAGE_Q
    
    %% Maintainer Review Process
    MANUAL_REVIEW["Manual Review Required<br/>Jotnar team applies:<br/>jotnar_needs_maintainer_review"]
    FUSA_AUTO["FuSa Package Detection<br/>Triage agent automatically<br/>applies: jotnar_fusa"]
    SME_REVIEW["Subject Matter Expert<br/>Review Required"]
    
    %% Review flows
    COMPLETED_REBASE_L -.->|"For complex issues"| MANUAL_REVIEW
    COMPLETED_BACKPORT_L -.->|"For complex issues"| MANUAL_REVIEW

>     CLARIFICATION_Q -.->|"For complex issues"| MANUAL_REVIEW

Author: I am especially not sure about these.

- **NO_ACTION decision** → `no_action_list` + applies `jotnar_no_action_needed` label (jötnar team members may apply `jotnar_cant_do` if the system cannot solve the problem)
- **ERROR/Exception** → `error_list` + applies `jotnar_errored` label
- **Max retries exceeded** → `error_list` + applies `jotnar_errored` label

**From Rebase Agent:**
- **Success** → `completed_rebase_list` + applies `jotnar_rebased` label
- **Failure** → `error_list` + applies `jotnar_errored` label
- **Retry** → remains in `rebase_queue` (keeps `jotnar_rebase|backport_in_progress` label)

**From Backport Agent:**
- **Success** → `completed_backport_list` + applies `jotnar_backported` label
- **Failure** → `error_list` + applies `jotnar_errored` label
- **Retry** → remains in `backport_queue` (keeps `jotnar_rebase|backport_in_progress` label)

#### Re-triggering Mechanism

Issues can be re-triggered through the workflow in two ways:
1. **Remove any existing `jotnar_*` label** - allows the issue to re-enter the system on the next fetcher run
2. **Add the `jotnar_retry_needed` label** - triggers workflow retry. Use cases include:

>    - Package maintainers who have made changes (e.g., updated issue description)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Package maintainers who have made changes (e.g., updated some fields, added links, commented)
```

   - Jötnar team members after production code updates to resolve issues

#### Maintainer Review Process

> The Jotnar team can require maintainer review by applying the `jotnar_needs_maintainer_review` label to an issue. This is especially important for FuSa (Functional Safety) project packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some Jira issues will require a maintainer review by applying the `jotnar_needs_maintainer_review` label to an issue. This is currently agreed on for FuSa (Functional Safety) project packages.
```

The `jotnar_fusa` label will be automatically added by the triage agent to JIRA issues involving FuSa packages, and related merge requests will need to be reviewed and handled by subject matter experts.

> #### Workflow Diagram

Reviewer: looks great!
